Docs: Concepts section (#98)
aai-institute/jobq: client/docs/concepts/identifiers.md

At first these similar-sounding names can be confusing, so let's establish some terminology:

-   A **workload** or **job** (lowercase "w"/"j") is a set of Kubernetes resources that make up the
    executable portion of a job.
-   A **Workload** (uppercase "W") refers to the Kueue `Workload` custom resource.
-   A **Job** (uppercase "J") refers to the Kubernetes `batch/v1/Job` resource (one way how code can be submitted through jobq).

Kueue handles the `Workload` and updates its status to reflect the current state of the workload.

![Kueue workload components](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/images/queueing-components.svg)

## Identifying workloads

Every Workload (as managed by Kueue) carries by an automatically generated unique identifier (UID) as well as a human-readable name and namespace.
Both these could serve as a unique identifier for a Workload. However, a name/namespace combination is not guaranteed to be unique over time (for example when deleting and recreating), whereas UIDs are.

> This which make UIDs a slightly better choice for identifying a given Workload resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes UIDs a slightly better choice for identifying a given Workload resource.
```

The concrete workload resource has the same identifiers, a UID and name/namespace combination.

> A given concrete workload resource references its associated abstract workload in a 1:1 fashion (through its `metadata.ownerReferences` field).

Reviewer: This is potentially confusing - I assume "workload resource = `Workload`" (Kueue) holds here?

Author: Improved the wording in 431d3c2a0dbe8889f31d1a291872197b422cb89a.

This theoretically allows to identify a workload in the cluster through two different identifiers:

-   the UID of the _concrete_ workload resource.
-   the UID of the _abstract_ workload resource.

In practice, jobq always uses the **UID of the concrete workload** resource to identify a workload.
All CLI operations return and accept the UID of the concrete workload resource.

As an example, imagine the following resources in the cluster after submitting a job:

```mermaid
graph LR
subgraph "Namespace example"
direction LR
  A["`Workload **job-example** <pre>uid-1</pre>`"] --> B["`Job **example** <pre>uid-2</pre>`"] --> C[Pod]
end
```

> If we want to want to query the logs of the workload, we can do so by calling `jobq logs` with the UID of the concrete workload resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we want to query the logs of the workload, we can do so by calling `jobq logs` with the UID of the concrete workload resource:
```
